Hi I'm Karan. I'm a QA engineer on the Shiny team. Shiny is a web development framework that people
can use irrespective of their technical expertise to create really good looking dashboards. If
you're using it for prototyping or you're using it for production ready dashboards, you can use it.
So Shiny works in R as well as Python. So if you have some things, your workflows that you
are using R packages or Python packages, it should integrate seamlessly. Shiny can be used
for making more than dashboards. You can make fully functional apps. You can make user surveys.
You can make a sorting app. People associate Shiny with dashboards but Shiny is way more than that.
Anything that you would want to do in a Python ecosystem or an R ecosystem but just have a
fancy front end, you can do it in Shiny. To get started, you can go to the Posit website to find
out more about Shiny. You can install the packages. They are on CRAN as well as on PyPI
to install and get started.